Hey.
This box is almost burnt out, why is there no movement?
Well, that might be a good thing
It's okay, then you will forgive us later.
Otherwise, sooner or later, his blood will be supplied
Ahhh
I have a crow's mouth
You killed me
Stop dawdling, you must have left him behind, run
You wouldn't cut a tree this way.
Want to let go
Must be because of the sorrow of Xichu
Then how do I know?
Grandpa, you didn't tell me when I left
You're a loser
Oh, dear.
It's all right now.
You scourge know you have no regrets
He will never let you go
Just wait to die
Wait to die, wait to die, wait, no, no, no
Grandpa, you are also Dongbao University
Please give me another idea.
To this point
I can only draw it out and question him in person
If he has good intentions
I will help him like reincarnation
If he insists on harming people
I'll call him a ghost
Lure him out
Grandpa, how should I lead this?
Take your clothes off
Walk around the village a few times
That scourge smells your human smell and it will naturally be on.
You have to go outside naked
Grandpa, I'm afraid